ID: 1
Dish: "The Glenn Beck"
Image URL: "images/hotdog.jpg"
Cuisine: "American"
Review: "Wide assortment of hot dogs for under $6.
This place was hoppin' at the lunch hour! A few people looked like they were on lunch break from work, but most people seemed like they were trying it for the first time. I saw families, young adults, older folks. It definitely attracts all kinds of people!"
Restaurant: "Dirty Frank's"
Rating: 4

ID: 2
Dish: "Pad Thai Lunch Special for $6.95"
Image URL: "images/padthai.jpg"
Cuisine: "Asian"
Review: "First time to Fortune today and I was amazed with how good it was..I guess a few people in my office have known about this place for years! The shrimp egg roll was the best I ever had! I also got a Szechuan chicken that had jalapeño as one of the veggies! It was beyond good!! The chicken was diced and a good portion! I'm looking forward to going back but am a little worried because the kroger in the same strip is closing because of something else coming in and I'm not sure if the whole strip is getting torn down or just kroger?"
Restaurant: "Fortune"
Rating: 5

ID: 3
Dish: "15 Layer Lasagna for $8.69"
Image URL: "images/lasagna.jpg"
Cuisine: "Italian"
Review: "I have going to Spaghetti Warehouse for a few years now, but this past weekend made me realize I most likely wont go back.  The food was just okay but the service was really bad.  I went in on a Saturday night and the place was not super packed.  We were seated quickly and the waitress was just not too attentive to our table.  It seems as if we did something wrong to her to make her not want to stop.  "
Restaurant: "Spaghetti Warehouse"
Rating: 5

ID: 4
Dish:"Beechwold Burger for $6.75 "
Image URL:"images/hamburger.jpg"
Cuisine:"American"
Review:"The service was fast and friendly.  A few moments after I sat down, I was sipping on an ice tea.  You know how sometimes you get served ice tea that has been sitting around too long?  Welp, not here.  The ice tea was great."
Restaurant:"Beechwold Diner"
Rating: 5

ID: 5
Dish: "Apple Butter Bacon & Chicken Panini for $7.49"
Image URL: "image/sandwich.jpg"
Cuisine: "American"
Review:"I was kind of excited to try this place, because I LOVE sandwiches. But, I was kind of disappointed with the product. The sandwich (butcher block club) was smallish, the prices were high-ish, and the side that I had (some sort of coleslaw that was slathered with mayo) was just tolerable. I think I prefer the tastier, larger, and friendlier-on-the-wallet sandwiches at Si Senor. I won't turn down an invitation to go here if a friend suggests, but certainly won't choose to go here."
Restaurant: "Carvery"
Rating: 4

ID: 6
Dish: "Grilled Cheese BS for $6"
Image URL: "image/breakfastsandwich.jpg"
Cuisine: "American"
Review:"This is my go-to brunch place in Columbus. The food is great, and I love the casual environment. I haven't tried much on the menu, but their scrambled eggs, toast, and hashbrowns are delicious!"
Restaurant: "DK Diner"
Rating: 5